PO-1884 Custom Account Information Component (#118)
hmcts/opal-frontend-common-ui-lib: projects/opal-frontend-common/components/custom/custom-account-information/custom-account-information-item/custom-account-information-item-value/readme.md

> # Custom Account Information Component

Reviewer: Wrong header

This Angular component provides a custom-account-information-item-value component, which will be content projected into the custom-account-information-item component and will form the value for the item.

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Inputs](#inputs)
- [Outputs](#outputs)
- [Methods](#methods)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## Installation

```typescript
import { CustomAccountInformationItemValueComponent } from '@hmcts/opal-frontend-common/components/custom/custom-account-information/custom-account-information-item/custom-account-information-item-value';
```

## Usage

> You can use the alert component in your template as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the item value component in your template as follows:
```
